---
layout: post
title: "Week 3 Dev Log"
date: 2020-06-15
categories: [Dev Logs]
---

This week I was working on creating custom error pages. (401, 403, 404, 503), and levels 3 and 4.

---

## Error Pages

The 503 was the most important page due to it needing to be shown when ever the Jekyll server goes down because the rest of the site (The levels) would still be accessible. After configuring the page and setting it up to show css, I noticed that level pages had lost their css. This was due to the Jekyll server not providing the css file for the levels to access. 
To fix this I added the css files for the site directly to the level folders. This way each level was able to have the correct design even when the Jekyll server was down. 

401, 403 and 404 were pretty low on my list to create but after designing the 503 page I just quickly put them together and just changed a bit of the wording. The 404 page was a copy of the 404 the Jekyll would display if a page couldn't be found. This one would be used when a user enters a wrong page during a level or something. While the 401 and 403 pages would tell a user if they don't have permission to access a page. 

---

## Levels 3 and 4

Levels 3 and 4 were the last of some of the easier levels. From this point onward I have started working on server scripting and other features for the levels making them a bit harder than the first few levels.

---

## Updates
<span class="improved">improved</span> Levels 1 and 2. [^1]

<span class="added">added</span> Level 3 and 4

<span class="added">added</span> Error pages

---
[^1]: Made so that style was kept even if main server was down
